At Careem, we are driven by the purpose of simplifying the lives of people and building an awesome organisation that inspires. Based in Dubai, we started our journey as a pioneer of the Middle East’s ride-hailing economy. Today, Careem is the region’s everyday Super App operational in 13 countries and over 100 cities. The Super App provides a host of daily services that people need to move around, to order things and to transfer money in one unified smartphone app. Our goal is to simplify people’s daily lives so that they can spend their precious time and mindshare on things that really matter and on realizing their potential.

Role And Responsibilities
Acquisition: Collaborate with sales function to acquire restaurant partners
Growth: Support and help in creating plans to grow business of assigned accounts
Account Management: Full ownership, be the main point of contact for the assigned accounts
Analysis: Utilize data-driven decision making to understand the performance of initiatives to ensure you are effectively prioritizing those with the highest return on investment
Merchant NPS: Collaborate with merchants and internal teams to fix experience components
Partner with internal teams: Collaborate closely with Supply, Finance, Marketing and business development to ensure meeting the growth objectives.
Qualification & Experience
Education to degree level or equivalent practical experience.
Proficiency in Microsoft office and similar software tools
The ideal candidate will have a passionate commitment to improving the lives of people, an insane focus on excellence and customer service, and a strong alignment with our core values: being bold, focused, agile and collaborative
Experience in account management with a proven track record in direct and channel sales, especially in closing deals.
Experience in food & beverage is preferred
Highly motivated with a “hunting spirit” to develop new opportunities and grow business in multiple technology dimensions within the Food/Service Providers space.
You are excellent at working in teams and are comfortable collaborating with local, regional and corporate teams in a large cross-functional organization.
Good communicator and excellent at driving solutions in line with industry and local market trends.
Can do, will do attitude and be able to think in a unique way to contribute creatively towards building a solid business pipeline and driving sustainable business.
Highly analytical and meaningful.
At least 1-2 years experience in sales or account management; achieving weekly/monthly targets consistently
Working in pressure situations with stretched targets and limited resources and coming up with smart tech based ideas to solve problems
