At Careem, we are driven by the purpose of simplifying the lives of people and building an awesome organisation that inspires. Based in Dubai, we started our journey as a pioneer of the Middle East’s ride-hailing economy.

Today, Careem is the region’s everyday Super App operational in 13 countries and over 100 cities. The Super App provides a host of daily services that people need to move around, to order things and to transfer money in one unified smartphone app. Our goal is to simplify people’s daily lives so that they can spend their precious time and mindshare on things that really matter and on realizing their potential.

Careem became a wholly owned subsidiary of Uber Technologies, Inc. in January 2020. www.careem.com

About The Role

We are looking for a Talent Acquisition Partner based in Pakistan to support the growth of our non tech teams in UAE. You will meet the evolving hiring needs of Careem through sourcing, recruiting and hiring talent. As a critical member of our global talent acquisition team you will partner closely with non tech stakeholders and drive the recruiting process to identify the right fit for our teams.

Individual Accountabilities
Stakeholder Management - Partner with the stakeholders to provide insights and expertise on sourcing for talent and suggest creative ways for addressing talent acquisition challenges
Collaboration - Work closely with the HR business partners to understand the recruitment needs for the quarter/ year
Candidate Experience - Manage effective communication with candidates and set expectations throughout the process to provide for seamless experience.
Execution - Enabling and educating hiring managers on the recruitment process and ensure that the experience for both candidates and hiring managers is seamless.
Key Responsibilities Include
Develop and drive the tech recruiting strategy for the region
Roles to be hired range from Marketing, Operations, Sales, People, Finance etc
Partner with the business throughout the hiring process, from creating job descriptions, to ensuring established processes are followed to ensure a positive candidate experience
Proactively source, screen and shortlist top talent
Provide Hiring Managers with regular updates and summaries of recruiting progress and activity
Work with Hiring Managers to determine best fit candidates, co-ordinate interviews, obtain qualitative feedback and present/manage through to offer stage
What We Are Looking For
At least 2 – 3 years in house experience
Overall experience, ideally with a mix of agency and in-house
Solid experience with an ATS (We use GreenHouse)
Strong stakeholder management

Performance Appraisal
Negotiation
Sourcing
Employee Engagement
Employee Relations
Team Management
Organizational Development
HR Policies
Job Evaluation
Industrial Relations
Policy Writing
Deferred Compensation



